november the six they're a little treat
for you i'm going to show you then you
are recorded by condo member to second
from the New sixth Street bridge in
Griffin Georgia buckman you may remember
the old iron bridge at across the yard
here that was too low well they tore it
out put up a new modern bridge though
today's video is about the 633 aging
driven to it right now I'm north of the
yard in the next scene we will be on the
other side of that bridge looking back
this way from there I'll take you up on
top of the bridge this p wall parm down
here at griffin georgia today we're
looking at the new sixth Street bridge
across the central of Georgia train yard
it's not even open for business yet it
still at the road closed but I'm going
to walk up there catch me a train today
now see a pedestrian crossing the bridge
about where I'm going to be it we're
gonna feel a little bit of the train
yard anyway gotta walk up a block and a
half to get back out on the bridge okay
we're looking up onto them the new sixth
Street bridge of Griffin I'm going to
walk up there today and video a train
hopefully not my last it's brand new
bridge in team open for traffic yet
still as a road closed ok I'm at the
apex or the peak of the parts you might
say on the sixth Street bridge having a
look around
you
I may be the first person to ever video
from here come up on the new bridge at
Griffin sixth Street bridge has been
replaced a new modern bridge we're
looking down on the central Georgia
train yard and different origin I
wouldn't be a bit surprised I stick a
big pinch up here or something but right
now the view from up here is fantastic
don't have my glasses on so I'm having
to assume I've got to think we're
catching when he comes back but you
can't get a good yard look at the train
yard from here
don't have my scanner with me
crossing back over maybe to come up in
hinge and try and get off duty
you gotta stay making a line to switch
they clear the main line now
well I've made my first video from up
here in a minute I'll take a look around
here what went on last week John to get
up here and parked two blocks from here
they probably getting off duty